Config docs application connector (#4511)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/application-connector/05-04-connector-service.md

---
title: Connector Service sub-chart
type: Configuration
---

To configure the Connector Service sub-chart, override the default values of its `values.yaml` file. This document describes parameters that you can configure.

>**TIP:** To learn more about how to use overrides in Kyma, see the following documents: 
>* [Helm overrides for Kyma installation](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation)
>* [Sub-charts overrides](/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation-sub-chart-overrides)

## Configurable parameters

This table lists the configurable parameters, their descriptions, and default values:

| Parameter | Description | Default value |
|-----------|-------------|---------------|

> | **deployment.args.tokenLength**| Specifies a number of characters of a registration token. | `64` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.args.tokenLength**| Specifies a number of characters in a registration token. | `64` |
```

| **deployment.args.appTokenExpirationMinutes** | Specifies a period of time after which a token for an Application expires. It is provided in minutes. | `5` |
| **deployment.args.runtimeTokenExpirationMinutes** | Specifies a period of time after which a token for a runtime expires. It is provided in minutes. | `10` |

> | **deployment.args.appValidityTime** | Specifies a period of time during which certificates that the service issues for an Application are valid. It is provided in days. | `90` |

Reviewer 2: The value contains the unit e.g. '90d' for 90 days or '90h' for 90 hours or '90m' for 90 minutes.

Author: Updated also for **deployment.args.runtimeValidityTime**.

> | **deployment.args.appValidityTime** | Specifies a period of time during which certificates that the service issues for an Application are valid. It is provided in days. | `90d` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.args.appValidityTime** | Specifies a period of time during which certificates that the service issues for an Application are valid. It is provided in days. | `92d` |
```

> | **deployment.args.appValidityTime** | Specifies a period of time during which certificates that the service issues for an Application are valid. It is provided in days. | `90d` |

Reviewer 2: I think we need to describe the correct format of the string the user can set (concerns both appValidityTime and runtimeValidityTime). The string must be of the following form: {integer value}{time unit}. Supported time units : "d", "m" and "h".

Author: it was already changed

Reviewer 2: The default value is correct. I think we could also mention that validity time may be defined in minutes or hours, however, I can live without that.

> | **deployment.args.runtimeValidityTime** | Specifies a period of time during which certificates that the service issues for a runtime are valid. It is provided in days. | `90d` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.args.runtimeValidityTime** | Specifies a period of time during which certificates that the service issues for a runtime are valid. It is provided in days. | `92d` |
```

> | **deployment.args.central** | Determines whether the Connector Service works in the central mode. | `&central false` |

Reviewer 2: The default here should "false". "&central false" is a helm syntax defining reference named "central" with default value false.

> | **deployment.envvars.country** | Specifies a country, using two-letter country codes, which is required to generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `DE` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.envvars.country** | Specifies a country which must generate a Certificate Signing Request. It is provided as a two-letter country code. | `DE` |
```

> | **deployment.envvars.organization** | Specifies an organization which is required to generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `Organization` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.envvars.organization** | Specifies an organization which must generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `Organization` |
```

> | **deployment.envvars.organizationalunit** | Specifies an organization unit which is required to generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `OrgUnit` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.envvars.organizationalunit** | Specifies an organization unit which must generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `OrgUnit` |
```

Reviewer: and not `organizational unit` as in the parameter?

> | **deployment.envvars.locality** | Specifies a locality which is required to generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `Waldorf` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.envvars.locality** | Specifies a locality which must generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `Waldorf` |
```

> | **deployment.envvars.province** | Specifies a province which is required to generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `Waldorf` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **deployment.envvars.province** | Specifies a province which must generate a Certificate Signing Request. | `Waldorf` |
```
